Wireless Challenge 1 and 2 are both WEP and have the same questions which are retrieved the same way.  In WEP there is a chance that the IV will be reused and when it is then the secret in the stream cipher will have been reused.  When this happens it is possible to decrypt the secret (WEP Key).  Logically the more packets you have, the more likely the IV would have been reused; which is why WEP Attacks generally involve packet injection.  ARP is a common packet to replay in a network because requests and replies are a fixed size and in WEP does not mask the size, which makes it easy to find the packets.

To find the key, just run Aircrack and it should spit out the key in a few seconds.  Then you can open wireshark and go to Edit > Preferences > Protocols > IEEE 802.11 and select Enable Decryption and enter the key.  The <b>Victim Client</b> was 38:59:f9:14:e3:3a and <b>Packet Injector</b> was 38:59:f9:1f:e3:3a for Wireless 1.  I had gotten these using <a href="http://www.wildpackets.com/products/omnipeek_network_analyzer">Omni Peaks Wireless Analyzer</a> but they can be gotten from wireshark too.  I am not 100% positive this is the correct way to find these, just some after analysis with free tools to help out.  The number of ARP Requests signifies that the attack was done by replaying the arp packets, so in the filter put `arp`.  Then sort by Source Address.  The Wireless Access point is sending ARP Requests to the destination which is the client.  If you scroll down you will see a source address that is broadcasting arp packets but clients are not responding, that is the packet injector.  There are other indicators such as not querying source/transmitter not matching, only single destinations ever queries, lack of any retransmissions, etc.

In order to find the credentials, filter by `HTTP` and examine a GET Request.  Look in the `Hypertext Transfer Protocol` section of the packet and there is an "Authorization" entry.  The credentials are in plain text there.
